docs/rules/audit-argument-checks.md, before:

# Enforce check on all arguments passed to methods and publish functions (audit-argument-checks)

The Meteor package `audit-argument-checks` requires that all arguments in calls to methods and publish functions are `check`ed.
Any method that does not pass each one of its arguments to check will throw an error.
This rule emulates that behavior. Unlike its Meteor counterpart this rule further ensures all `check`'s happen unconditionally.


## Rule Details

The following patterns are considered warnings:

```js

Meteor.publish("foo", function (bar) {})

Meteor.methods({
  foo: function (bar) {}
})

Meteor.methods({
  foo: function (bar) {
    if (Math.random() > 0.5) {
      check(bar, Match.Any)
    }
  }
})

```

The following patterns are not warnings:

```js

Meteor.publish("foo", function (bar) {
  check(bar, Match.Any)
})

Meteor.methods({
  foo: function (bar) {
    check(bar, Match.Any)
  }
})

```


## When Not To Use It

If you are not using Meteor's `check` package, then you should not use this rule.

## Further Reading

* http://docs.meteor.com/#/full/check
* http://docs.meteor.com/#/full/auditargumentchecks

## Possible Improvements

* Emulate behavior of Meteor's `audit-argument-checks` more closely
* Support immediate destructuring of params

Commit message:

meteor/audit-argument-checks custom check methods
Fix #774 by adding `checkEquivalents` configuration

docs/rules/audit-argument-checks.md, after:

# Enforce check on all arguments passed to methods and publish functions (audit-argument-checks)

The Meteor package `audit-argument-checks` requires that all arguments in calls to methods and publish functions are `check`ed.
Any method that does not pass each one of its arguments to check will throw an error.
This rule emulates that behavior. Unlike its Meteor counterpart this rule further ensures all `check`'s happen unconditionally.


## Rule Details

The following patterns are considered warnings:

```js

Meteor.publish("foo", function (bar) {})

Meteor.methods({
  foo: function (bar) {}
})

Meteor.methods({
  foo: function (bar) {
    if (Math.random() > 0.5) {
      check(bar, Match.Any)
    }
  }
})

```

The following patterns are not warnings:

```js

Meteor.publish("foo", function (bar) {
  check(bar, Match.Any)
})

Meteor.methods({
  foo: function (bar) {
    check(bar, Match.Any)
  }
})

```

### Options

If you define your own functions that call `check`, you can provide a list of
such functions via the configuration `checkEquivalents`.  This rule assumes
that these functions effectively check their first argument (an identifier or
a list of identifiers).

For example, in `.eslintrc.json`, you can specify the following configuration:

```json
  "meteor/audit-argument-checks": [
    "error",
    {
      "checkEquivalents": [
        "checkId",
        "checkName"
      ]
    }
  ]
```

## When Not To Use It

If you are not using Meteor's `check` package, then you should not use this rule.

## Further Reading

* http://docs.meteor.com/#/full/check
* http://docs.meteor.com/#/full/auditargumentchecks

## Possible Improvements

* Emulate behavior of Meteor's `audit-argument-checks` more closely
* Support immediate destructuring of params
